HIA-86 Updated documentation to support automatic workflow generation (#40)
ministryofjustice/hmpps-integration-api: docs/updating-diagrams.md

When all changes have been made:

6. Push your code back to the repository, the [Generate PlantUML Diagrams GitHub Action](#automatic-diagram-generation) will generate the required `.png`
   files automatically.

## Automatic Diagram Generation

> A GitHub Action named [Generate PlantUML Diagrams](https://github.com/ministryofjustice/hmpps-integration-api/blob/main/.github/workflows/generate-plantuml-diagrams.yml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a GitHub Actions workflow named [Generate PlantUML Diagrams](https://github.com/ministryofjustice/hmpps-integration-api/blob/main/.github/workflows/generate-plantuml-diagrams.yml)
```

From my understanding of what's described in https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/understanding-github-actions#workflows and https://docs.github.com/en/actions/creating-actions/about-custom-actions, as it's not published to the GitHub Marketplace and installable/usable at a step level in a workflow I don't think we can say it's a GitHub Action _yet_.

Author: Fair comment and some nice research done there Ting

has been created to assist in the generation of diagrams. This automatically creates `.png` diagrams for each `.puml`
file within the `./docs/diagrams` directory. The benefit of this workflow is that the author does not have to manually
generate these diagrams.

> This will execute on all branches on a `git push`. The Action can also be executed manually via the Github Actions page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will execute on all branches on a `git push`. The workflow can also be executed manually via the [GitHub Actions page](https://github.com/ministryofjustice/hmpps-integration-api/actions).
```
